Documents the redis host and port name, fixes #163. (#164)
drud/ddev-contrib: docker-compose-services/redis/README.md

* If you need *Redis 5* change the image version as `redis:5` in `.ddev/docker-compose.redis.yaml`.
* Update the example redis configuration file to your needs: `.ddev/redis/redis.conf`.
* Start (or restart) DDEV to have the service initialized: `ddev start`

> * By default, your redis instance is available at the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your redis instance is available **inside the containers** at `ddev-<projectname>-redis:6379`:
```
